# CS-230
In this project, our client was The Gaming Room. Their goal was to develop a web based game that served multiple platforms based on their current game, Draw It or Lose It. At the time of prsenting their proposal to us, the game was only available on the Android app. Their were specific requirements for the game pertainintg to the number of teams involved, the amount of players for each team, and the number of instances for the game that could exist at once.
In developing this documentation, I did an effective job at presenting the pros and cons of each operating system that we were considering to be the main host for the game and why I ultimately decided that Linux would be the best choice. I also provided an UML diagram to provide the structure for the applicaton. 
If I could choose one part of this document to revise, it would be in the Distributed Systems and Network section of the recommendations section. I provided how communication would occur between clients on different operating platforms and the server. I could have went into more detail on how the design of the application will help it handle network issues such as retry logic or offline data synchronization. 
I interpreted the user's needs and implemented them into my software design by using different design patterns that fit their needs. For example, one of the client's requirements was that the game only have one instance exist in memory at a time. In order to fulfill this requirement, I used the singleton pattern in the design. This ensures that only one object of the class within the application can be created at a time. It is important to consider the user's needs when designing because it leads to user satisfaction and a more successful product.
I approached designing software by laying out all of the client's needs, identifying design constraints, creating a domain model, and determining which operating system would serve as the most effective host for the application. To design a similar software application in the future, I would attempt to go into more detail on the system architecture and utilize a testing portion as well. 
